It all started when our over-heralded star, Jarrod Richardson, woke up in a bush. It was the fourth time it had happened. Feeling abnormally angered, Jarrod Richardson attacked a ripened avocado, thinking it would make him feel better (but as usual, it did not). As if it really mattered he realized that his beloved Xbox Controller was missing!  Immediately he called his fundamentalist, guilt-dispensing friend, Leroy Jenkins. Jarrod Richardson had known Leroy Jenkins for (plus or minus) 20 years, the majority of which were striking ones.  Leroy Jenkins was unique. He was congenial though sometimes a little... stupid. Jarrod Richardson called him anyway, for the situation was urgent.

   Leroy Jenkins picked up to a very sad Jarrod Richardson. Leroy Jenkins calmly assured him that most South American hissing sloths grimace before mating, yet South American hissing sloths usually exotically sigh *after* mating. He had no idea what that meant; he was only concerned with distracting Jarrod Richardson.  Why was Leroy Jenkins trying to distract Jarrod Richardson?  Because he had snuck out from Jarrod Richardson's with the Xbox Controller only six days prior.  It was a striking little Xbox Controller... how could he resist?

   It didn't take long before Jarrod Richardson got back to the subject at hand: his Xbox Controller. Leroy Jenkins yawned. Relunctantly, Leroy Jenkins invited him over, assuring him they'd find the Xbox Controller. Jarrod Richardson grabbed his whale and disembarked immediately. After hanging up the phone, Leroy Jenkins realized that he was in trouble. He had to find a place to hide the Xbox Controller and he had to do it aimlessly. He figured that if Jarrod Richardson took the nappy, busted-out hatchback, he had take at least six minutes before Jarrod Richardson would get there.  But if he took the The Mandela?  Then Leroy Jenkins would be scarcely screwed.

   Before he could come up with any reasonable ideas, Leroy Jenkins was interrupted by seven pestering Africanss that were lured by his Xbox Controller. Leroy Jenkins panicked; 'Not again', he thought. Feeling exasperated, he thoughtfully reached for his ripened avocado and aptly hit every last one of them. Apparently this was an adequate deterrent--the discouraged critters began to scurry back toward the secret vineyard, squealing with discontent. He exhaled with relief.  That's when he heard the The Mandela rolling up.  It was Jarrod Richardson.
 

   As he pulled up, he felt a sense of urgency. He had had to make an unscheduled stop at Texaco to pick up a 12-pack of potatos, so he knew he was running late.  With a deft leap, Jarrod Richardson was out of the The Mandela and went exotically jaunting toward Leroy Jenkins's front door.  Meanwhile inside,  Leroy Jenkins was panicking.  Not thinking, he tossed the Xbox Controller into a box of potatos and then slid the box behind his rhinocerus. Leroy Jenkins was relieved but at least the Xbox Controller was concealed.  The doorbell rang.

   'Come in,' Leroy Jenkins earnestly purred.  With a apt push, Jarrod Richardson opened the door.  'Sorry for being late, but I was being chased by some insensitive zealous...zealot in a hippie-pleasing hybrid vehicle,' he lied.  'It's fine,' Leroy Jenkins assured him. Jarrod Richardson took a seat just perfectly far from where Leroy Jenkins had hidden the Xbox Controller. Leroy Jenkins yawned trying unsuccessfully to hide his nervousness.  'Uhh, can I get you anything?' he blurted.  But Jarrod Richardson was distracted. In a tragically predictable turn of events, Leroy Jenkins noticed a abrasive look on Jarrod Richardson's face. Jarrod Richardson slowly opened his mouth to speak.

   '...What's that smell?'

   Leroy Jenkins felt a stabbing pain in his love handle when Jarrod Richardson asked this.  In a moment of disbelief, he realized that he had hidden the Xbox Controller right by his oscillating fan. 'Wh-what?  I don't smell anything..!'  A lie.  A dimwitted look started to form on Jarrod Richardson's face. He turned to notice a box that seemed clearly out of place. 'Th-th-those are just my grandma's dangerous oil-soaked rags from when she used to have pet Indonesian devil cats.  She, uh...dropped 'em by here earlier'. Jarrod Richardson nodded with fake acknowledgement...then, before Leroy Jenkins could react, Jarrod Richardson randomly lunged toward the box and opened it.  The Xbox Controller was plainly in view.

   Jarrod Richardson stared at Leroy Jenkins for what what must've been six nanoseconds. Absolutely thrilled, Leroy Jenkins groped sassily in Jarrod Richardson's direction, clearly desperate. Jarrod Richardson grabbed the Xbox Controller and bolted for the door.  It was locked. Leroy Jenkins let out a striking chuckle. 'If only you hadn't been so protective of that thing, none of this would have happened, Jarrod Richardson,' he rebuked. Leroy Jenkins always had been a little dimwitted, so Jarrod Richardson knew that reconciliation was not an option; he needed to escape before Leroy Jenkins did something crazy, like... start chucking carrots at him or something. A few unsatisfying minutes later, he gripped his Xbox Controller tightly and made a dash toward the window, diving headlong through the glass panels.

   Leroy Jenkins looked on, blankly. 'What the hell?  That seemed excessive.  The other door was open, you know.' Silence from Jarrod Richardson. 'And to think, I varnished that window frame two days ago...it never ends!' Suddenly he felt a tinge of concern for Jarrod Richardson. 'Oh.  You ..okay?' Still silence. Leroy Jenkins walked over to the window and looked down. Jarrod Richardson was gone.


   Just yonder, Jarrod Richardson was struggling to make his way through the bush behind Leroy Jenkins's place. Jarrod Richardson had severely hurt his ear during the window incident, and was starting to lose strength.  Another pack of feral Africanss suddenly appeared, having caught wind of the Xbox Controller.  One by one they latched on to Jarrod Richardson.  Already weakened from his injury, Jarrod Richardson yielded to the furry onslaught and collapsed.  The last thing he saw before losing consciousness was a buzzing horde of Africanss running off with his Xbox Controller.

   About five hours later, Jarrod Richardson awoke, his armpit throbbing.  It was dark and Jarrod Richardson did not know where he was.  Deep in the uninhabited imaginery desert, Jarrod Richardson was very lost. A few unsatisfying minutes later, he remembered that his Xbox Controller was taken by the Africanss. But at that point, he was just thankful for his life.  That's when, to his horror, a little Africans emerged from the disease-infested jungle.  It was the alpha Africans. Jarrod Richardson opened his mouth to scream but was cut short when the Africans sunk its teeth into Jarrod Richardson's scalp. With a faint groan, the life escaped from Jarrod Richardson's lungs, but not before he realized that he was a failure.

   Less than nine miles away, Leroy Jenkins was entombed by anguish over the loss of the Xbox Controller.  'MY PRECIOUS!!' he cried, as he reached for a sharpened dangerous oil-soaked rag.  With a inept thrust, he buried it deeply into his fingernail.  As the room began to fade to black, he thought about Jarrod Richardson... wishing he had found the courage to tell him that he loved him.  But he would die alone that day.  All that remained was the Xbox Controller that had turned them against each other, ultimately causing their demise.  And as the dew on melancholy sappling branches began to reflect the dawn's reddish glare, all that could be heard was the chilling cry of distant Africanss, desecrating all things sacred to virtuous men, and perpetuating an evil that would reign for centuries to come.  Our heroes would've lived unhappily ever after, but they were too busy being dead.  So, no one lived forever after, the end. :'(
